Update guide (#537)
QuasarApp/CQtDeployer: docs/en/Guide.md

## Integration with QtCreator 

Unfortunately, there is currently no integration with qtcreator.
The only way is to enable build target for ** qmake ** or ** cmake ** 

### qmake 

```qmake
QT_DIR= $$[QT_HOST_BINS]
win32:QMAKE_BIN= $$QT_DIR/qmake.exe
contains(QMAKE_HOST.os, Linux):{
    QMAKE_BIN= $$QT_DIR/qmake
}

deploy.commands= cqtdeployer -bin $$DESTDIR/$$TARGET -qmake $$QMAKE_BIN -libDir $$PWD -qmlDir $$PWD -recursiveDepth 5  qif

QMAKE_EXTRA_TARGETS += deploy

```

### cmake 
```cmake
    find_program(Q_MAKE_EXE qmake)

    find_program(CQT_EXE cqtdeployer)

    IF(NOT EXISTS ${CQT_EXE})
        message("the cqtdeployer not exits please install the cqtdeployer and run cmake again!")
        return()
    endif(NOT EXISTS ${CQT_EXE})

    ADD_CUSTOM_TARGET(
        deploy
        COMMAND cqtdeployer clear -bin ${CURENT_PROJECT} -qmake ${Q_MAKE_EXE} -libDir ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR} -qmlDir ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR} -recursiveDepth 5
        COMMENT "Deploy: cqtdeployer clear -bin ${CURENT_PROJECT} -qmake ${Q_MAKE_EXE} -libDir ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR} -qmlDir ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR} -recursiveDepth 5"
        WORKING_DIRECTORY ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}
    )
```

> The **libDir** parameters are used to set the paths to the dependencies of your application in the examples, the application source code root was selected.
> 
> The **qmlDir** parameters are used to set the paths to the qml files of your application in the examples, the application source code root was selected.
> 
> The **recursiveDepth** parameters are used to set the search depth for libDir and qmlDir. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **libDir** parameter is used to set the paths to the directory paths contain dependencies of your application, and the **qmlDir** parameter is used to set the directory paths contain the qml files required by your application. In this example, the application source code root is selected by these two options.

The **recursiveDepth** parameter is used to set the search depth of **libDir** and **qmlDir**. 
```

Each parameter itself is singular, not plural.

QML_DESIGNER_IMPORT_PATH =

# Default rules for deployment.
qnx: target.path = /tmp/$${TARGET}/bin
else: unix:!android: target.path = /opt/$${TARGET}/bin
!isEmpty(target.path): INSTALLS += target

QT_DIR= $$[QT_HOST_BINS]
win32:QMAKE_BIN= $$QT_DIR/qmake.exe
contains(QMAKE_HOST.os, Linux):{
    QMAKE_BIN= $$QT_DIR/qmake
}

DESTDIR=$$PWD/Build

deploy.commands= cqtdeployer -bin $$DESTDIR/$$TARGET -qmake $$QMAKE_BIN -libDir $$PWD -qmlDir $$PWD -recursiveDepth 5  qif

QMAKE_EXTRA_TARGETS += deploy

```

2. Open the project control panel 
    ![Снимок экрана от 2021-02-22 12-15-51](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12465465/108687472-d09b6d80-7507-11eb-9b56-8d09d42dac5e.png)

3. Choosing a release build.
    ![изображение](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12465465/108688147-a39b8a80-7508-11eb-81b9-9a24426a94a3.png)

3. Add "Custom build step" 
    ![изображение](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12465465/108687640-02143900-7508-11eb-8d1c-532afd7f6ccb.png)

4. In the "Make arguments" field, add our "deploy" deployment step 
    ![изображение](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12465465/108687800-35ef5e80-7508-11eb-8f69-aec090d4baa0.png)

5. Save

> 6. Start the build. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Start the building
```
